Update 06_demonstration_oracle_compatibility.mdx (#2578)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/using_cluster/06_demonstration_oracle_compatibility.mdx

This table has a "reportsto" field - that means this is a hierarchical reporting structure, with some employees reporting to
other employees who may in turn report to still *other* employees.

!!!note

> If you prefer a graphical client tool to execute Oracle compatible queries or run Oracle PL/SQL compatible code, we advise you to use pgAdmin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer a graphical client tool to execute Oracle compatible queries or run Oracle PL/SQL compatible code, we recommend [pgAdmin](https://www.pgadmin.org/docs/).
```
